This is the second part to getting the lines moving so as we see we've got lines on our road but they're
not moving.
So we need to get them moving and the way that we're gonna get them moving is within the play game.
We've got a number of options that we can move them along so we can setup a loop here or we can create
a function to move the lines.
So I prefer to create a function that's going to move the lines so we can invoke that and have that
completely separate of the movement of our car.
So setting up that function that's going to move lines we need to use query SELECT for all and select
those elements as an object.
And we created those elements with a class of line an object called lines using document.
In this case we're using query selector all because once like all of the elements with the class of
line and then we can loop through all of those elements let's loop through the lines object.
So this is a node list and we can use the for each to loop through each one of those items creating
a function and we can grab those by using item.
And we're going to need to have a variable for its y position.
So just as we set it for the car we can also set it for our line as well.
So as we're generating out those lines we can take that element and we can give it a y position and
that y position will be whatever the value of x times 150 is so that's its starting position of Y and
then we can use that value of y.
So as we're looping through we can see console log item and we can see a value of y for each one of
those items.
So just make sure that it is working.
So you see that we've got all of those value of Y's and we can do a condition to check if item Y is
greater than 750.
And if it is then we're going to reset the value of item y to be zero or we're going to actually set
the value of y to minus 750.
And then what we need to do is we need to set the value of item style top to be equal to item y plus
picks.
So just as we did before and then we take item item y and we're going to increment it by the value of
player speed
let's see how that looks.
So start that up.
And actually this is reversed because we're adding to it.
So we're not setting an equal plus if we do it that way then it's always going to be five and the same
with this one here we need to minus minus the 750 off of it.
So it's a refresh.
And so now we see that we've got these lines that are running and they're running all the way down.
So we actually need to do a little bit something a little bit different as well for this.
So maybe let's subtract even more off of it.
So we can do a thousand off of it.
Try that one more time
just create some additional lines.
So create 10 lines.
And so it's going to be a max width of fifteen hundred.
And so now start checking for 750.
Let's check for max of fifteen hundred.
Now we've got all of the lines showing up
and we also have our car moving.
So we've got it moving across the line.
So notice that's on top of the lines because we added that element afterwards.
So go ahead and add in the lines for your road and coming up next.
We need to create some cars that are going to be obstacles within the game.
Let's still to come in the upcoming lessons.